Newport Beach number one we just heard
her screaming yeah I'm not really sure
what happened erst and we have officers
on the way I have three friends who have
met their husbands online I'm Debra I'm
John hey hey hello gorgeous
the chairs upstairs John makes me feel
so special it gives me so much there's
something up with my mom's new boyfriend
hey what's in the safe kiddo
if he's really a bad guy and not just a
jerk
mom will see it
but what if she doesn't see it we're
having a good time I just don't want it
to end
I think he's living there with her
John the help what the police I mean do
they know her no but to you that's
supposed to be cute
you watch oh he is not a perfect person
but he loves me he's very good at lying
are you looking there Oh dare you me
watching me maybe I don't know he really
is threats harassment intimidation they
all say that it's you what kind of a
person does that they're gonna find out
what I am
[Music]
you should enjoy the time left that's
what's gonna come down to only you know
what you're really ready for what might
happen what do you mean what might
happen
[Music]
whatever happens between us remember I
love you
[Applause]
you